hi friends from youtube i am your friend king
lion ' 1414 and today I bring you a tutorial
of how to review the resource requirements
or requirements according to how they want
call him on his pc in a windows xp and
windows 7 this is useful to check if
grab a game your pc or even systems
operative good i will do it in xp but
I will tell you how it is in windows 7
we started let's start with the disk
hard the hard drive is the ability to
store all the files on your pc
first we will review how much capacity and
how much space does the hard drive have or
how many hard drives do you have to review
the hard drive we go to my pc and the
hard drives
I have two good discs we are going to give
Right click on a hard drive and now
properties what blue is what you wear
used from your pc and the pink is what
you still have to fill out but if you fill it
too much is going to get between your pc
and it is possible that you mark some
mistakes
good to check the video card
ram etcetera let's address run
in windows 7
these two keys at the same time
and they give him to accept if they did not understand
I'll leave these letters in the
video description we hope a bit
to open the box
We wait 10 seconds 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
and 10
If a box appears, we say yes
and it will come out good first we see that
The current date and time appear
the name of the team after the system
operative they have installed I have
the xp sp3 fork that language until its
operating system then follow manufacturer
of the team
we see that I started in this sea ​​canet and
then follow the system model this
It can be very useful to download the
types of drivers that your pc uses in
another tutorial say that they are the drivers
how many drivers are they for?
where the good advice going back to
theme then follow the lip version
then the processor comes
can run several executions in the
same pc at the same time eye a
processor has its brand and capacity the
brand is important because the
The company that made it is going to give you the
power my brand is 20 on 21 4
but the capacity is important because
helps you process several files to the
once mine has 2.47 the processor is
a resource for running games later
comes the ram the ram card is the
speed of the pc in games too
is the speed that will also run in a
game happens the same
the ran is a resource for running games
then follow the paging files
that's not important
is another resource to extend games and
to check the video card we
we go to screen and total memory
approximate we see that I have 96
megabytes well that's all about this
tutorial the next tutorial I'll do it
how to download games programs and
utilities please subscribe to the
next